Hello, welcome to Machine Learning for Absolute Beginners.
I'm glad that you're joining me
to start your journey into machine learning.
My name is Adam Vincent.
I'm a machine learning and artificial intelligence
training architect.
I'm excited to share the field that I'm passionate about
with you, machine learning.
It's right in my title.
Throughout this course,
I'll be introducing you to machine learning,
but I also want to teach you a bit
about how you learn in the process.
I've created 3 sections in this course
to give you a basic understanding of machine learning.
In our first section,
we're going to talk about what machine learning is.
This section will answer 3 main questions
about machine learning: what the machines learn,
how do machines learn and why do machines learn.
To answer these we'll look at modeling,
the trial and error process, and making predictions.
Once we have an idea of what machine learning is,
we'll then look at what machine learning is not.
When learning about a new thing,
it's important to be able to discern
how it's different from similar things.
First, even though the 2 are related,
we'll see how machine learning
is not artificial intelligence.
We'll start that by investigating
what intelligence actually is.
Continuing our theme of exploring related concepts,
we'll look at the differences between machine learning
and traditional programming.
With those similarities explored,
we can look at some of the pitfalls of machine learning
by first exploring how machine learning is not good or evil.
And finally, seeing how machine learning
is not a silver bullet that will solve
all of your problems.
With a solid understanding of what machine learning
can and cannot do, we'll spend our final section
talking about how you can currently take advantage
of machine learning.
This will be a particularly fun section
because we get to see new and interesting applications
of this fantastic technology.
We'll start with how machine learning
affects our everyday lives
and then look at how machine learning can be applied
to caring for our health.
Machine learning can also be used to care for our networks
and protect our data.
So we'll talk about applications in cybersecurity.
Lastly, I'll show you some interesting business problems
that machine learning can help you solve.
I hope that you're ready to start learning
about machine learning.
Let's dive in.